When you're ready to start building an email list, you'll need an email marketing service to collect
email addresses and deliver your messages.
There are a lot of different solutions out there.
You've got convert Kit MailChimp, a Weber get response, Infusionsoft and so many others.
Any of these are fine.
And you can feel free to do your own research to determine which service will work best for you.
And the beautiful thing about email marketing is that you can switch email service providers at any
time and take your list with you again.
It's the only communication channel that you actually own.
As far as my recommendation, convert kit is extremely powerful and robust, but also intuitive to set
up and use, and that's what I usually suggest for new creators these days.
It's priced based on the size of your list, starting at twenty nine dollars a month for up to a thousand
subscribers.
If you're not comfortable paying for an email marketing platform just yet, but you still want to start
building a list, MailChimp gets an honorable mention here for their forever free plan, which is completely
free for up to 2000 subscribers.
There are a number of limitations, so it's not a permanent solution, but it's better than nothing.
And I always recommend it for new projects that don't yet have a budget for monthly services.
Again, you're welcome to do your own research, but in any case, you'll definitely want to get signed
up with an email marketing service as soon as possible.